= Radiant Comments Extension

Adds blog-like comment functionality to Radiant. 

== Patches

This software "works for me", but it may not work for you, depending on your particular environment or setup. Feel free to modify it in any way. If you do make changes that would be useful to others, please send a patch to ryan at artofmission (dot you-know-what), and I will see that it gets applied. 

== Dependencies

* Requires Radiant 0.6.7 or greater.
* Requires will_paginate Rails plugin (http://github.com/mislav/will_paginate/tree/master)
* Requires fastercsv 1.2.3 or greater.

== Installation 

To copy the supporting files to your public directory, run: 

  rake radiant:extensions:comments:update

== Usage

Remember to run the migration. This _WILL_ delete any snippets named 'comment', 'comments' and 'comment_form' if these exist.

  rake radiant:extensions:comments:migrate

To enable spam protection, you will need to set your Akismet or Mollom key and url in the Radiant config.

To enable the Akismet protection, get yourself an account at http://akismet.com/personal/ for your personal
blog or at http://akismet.com/commercial/ for your commercial sites. Then set your personal key and url
in the Radiant::Config.

For example:

  script/console production
  Radiant::Config['comments.akismet_key'] = "6a009ca6ab4e"
  Radiant::Config['comments.akismet_url'] = "yoursite.com"
  exit

To enable Mollom protection, get yourself an account at http://mollom.com/user/register, add your site and
set the public and private key pair in the Radiant::Config.

  script/console production
  Radiant::Config['comments.mollom_privatekey'] = "deadbeef012345"
  Radiant::Config['comments.mollom_publickey'] = "c00fee012345"
  exit

If both services are configured, this plugin will use the Akismet service. Unset the akismet_key if you
want to use Mollom.

To customize the CSV fields you can add an initializer like this:

  Comment.class_eval do
    def export_columns(format = nil)
      %w[approved? author author_email content referrer]
    end
  end

=== In your layout: 

  <r:snippet name="comments" />

=== Snippets

The snippets "comments", "comment" and "comment_form" are created by the migration. These can be found under snippets, and can be customised after your needs. Check out the 002 migration to see what they default to.

== Caveats

* Relative urls will *not* work on comment pages if they fail validation, since the page gets re-rendered
  at a (probably) different level of the hierarchy. Always use absolute urls and you won't have any issues.

== Contributors

* Jim Gay of http://www.saturnflyer.com, sponsored by http://ignitesocialmedia.com/.
* Michael Hale of http://halethegeek.com/, sponsored by http://ignitesocialmedia.com/.
* Nathaniel Talbott of http://terralien.com/, sponsored by http://ignitesocialmedia.com/.
* John Croisant
* Jon Leighton
* Witter Cheng
* Keith Bingman
* Sean Cribbs
* Ryan Heneise
* Frank Louwers (thanks to Jan De Poorter for the Mollom ruby lib)

If you contribute, go ahead and add your name to the list! 